README.md, before:

# cartaportes-inteligente
Extracción y digitación automática de docuentos de cartaportes.

## LOG
Jul/25: r0.933  GUI: Fixed stopping server
Jul/24: r0.932  GUI: Improving InputsView:onProcessingDocument.
Jul/23: r0.931  SRV: Unifying "getBultosInfo", new getBultosInfo(CPI|MCI) and cases for LOGITRANS
Jul/20: r0.930  Fixed bin settings in EcuBot. Working list_blobs in EcuFeedback
Jul/19: r0.930  Binary settings. GUI: Admin settings. Asynchronous feedbak.
Jul/18: r0.927  BOT4: asynchronous feedbak
Jul/08: r0.926. BOT4: Modified to work with PERU for NTA
Jul/04: r0.925. BOT4: Working control panel, speed options, messages
Jun/28: r0.911: BOT4: Bot controller: start and stop
Jun/13: r0.910: Full Test: docs and bot. Added return messages for response handlin. Fixed printx.
Jun/12: r0.908: controller.out withing a invokeLater
Jun/11: r0.907: HandleResponse run from a InvokeLater.
Jun/11: r0.906: Fixed errors. Threads. CodebinBot validations and exceptions.
Jun/06: r0.905: Server messages to GUI. Ecudoc Exceptions 
Jun/04: r0.904: Testing processes vs threads, forced exit, own thread for CodebinBot.
May/29: r0.903: Redesigned with multiprocessing for windows and forced exit.

Commit message:

Ago/065 r0.934  SRV: Modified for LOGITRANS aduanas and Vehiculo errors. GUI: Modified for ALERTS:||NEEDED.

README.md, after:

# cartaportes-inteligente
Extracción y digitación automática de docuentos de cartaportes.

## LOG
Ago/065 r0.934  SRV: Modified for LOGITRANS aduanas and Vehiculo errors. GUI: Modified for ALERTS:||NEEDED.
Jul/25: r0.933  GUI: Fixed stopping server
Jul/24: r0.932  GUI: Improving InputsView:onProcessingDocument.
Jul/23: r0.931  SRV: Unifying "getBultosInfo", new getBultosInfo(CPI|MCI) and cases for LOGITRANS
Jul/20: r0.930  Fixed bin settings in EcuBot. Working list_blobs in EcuFeedback
Jul/19: r0.930  Binary settings. GUI: Admin settings. Asynchronous feedbak.
Jul/18: r0.927  BOT4: asynchronous feedbak
Jul/08: r0.926. BOT4: Modified to work with PERU for NTA
Jul/04: r0.925. BOT4: Working control panel, speed options, messages
Jun/28: r0.911: BOT4: Bot controller: start and stop
Jun/13: r0.910: Full Test: docs and bot. Added return messages for response handlin. Fixed printx.
Jun/12: r0.908: controller.out withing a invokeLater
Jun/11: r0.907: HandleResponse run from a InvokeLater.
Jun/11: r0.906: Fixed errors. Threads. CodebinBot validations and exceptions.
Jun/06: r0.905: Server messages to GUI. Ecudoc Exceptions 
Jun/04: r0.904: Testing processes vs threads, forced exit, own thread for CodebinBot.
May/29: r0.903: Redesigned with multiprocessing for windows and forced exit.
